microsoft-atp add arrays support (#17315)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/Integrations/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/README.md

                "LastExternalIPAddress": "127.0.0.1",
                "LastIPAddress": "1.2.3.4",
                "LastSeen": "2022-01-26T22:21:19.2024139Z",
                "MACAddress": "123456789123",
                "OSBuild": 14393,
                "OSPlatform": "WindowsServer2016",
                "OSProcessor": "x64",
                "OSVersion": "1607",
                "RBACGroupID": 0,
                "RiskScore": "None"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Microsoft Defender ATP Machine:
>|ID|ComputerDNSName|OSPlatform|LastIPAddress|LastExternalIPAddress|HealthStatus|RiskScore|ExposureLevel|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| f3bba49a | ec2amaz-ua9hieu | WindowsServer2016 | 1.2.3.4 | 127.0.0.1 | Active | None | High |

### microsoft-atp-indicator-batch-update
***
Updates batch of indicator. If an indicator does not exist, a new indicator will be created.

##### Required Permissions
Ti.ReadWrite
Ti.ReadWrite.All

##### Limitations
1. Rate limitations for this API are 30 calls per minute.
2. There is a limit of 15,000 active indicators per tenant.
3. Maximum batch size for one API call is 500.

##### Note

> Please read [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/ti-indicator?view=o365-worldwide) about a Microsoft Defender for Endpoint indicator resource type

Author: @bakatzir FYI (related to https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/17315/files#r797346784)

> Please read [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/ti-indicator?view=o365-worldwide) about a Microsoft Defender for Endpoint indicator resource type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/ti-indicator?view=o365-worldwide) about the Microsoft Defender for Endpoint indicator resource type.
We suggest using the <insert_automation_name>[insert_automation_readme?] to load the XSOAR IOCs to MSDE indicator format.
```

Author: Will do this once I finish developing the automation. thanks!

Author: Done
